README.md, before:

# AngularApp

This is the front-end part of Demo project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.7.

## Back-end :
In order to run this project successfully , you should run back-end application first ,
then connect this application to the back-end ,
`https://github.com/aboelsoud3/Jumia-Spring`


## Development server
in an empty folder or directory , open terminal or CMD and enter the following commands in sequance :
1. `git clone --progress -v "https://github.com/aboelsoud3/Jumia-Angular.git"`
2. `cd Jumia-Angular`
3. `npm install`
3. Run `ng serve --open` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

add run.sh bash file

README.md, after:

# AngularApp

This is the front-end part of Demo project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.7.

## Back-end :
In order to run this project successfully , you should run back-end application first ,
then connect this application to the back-end ,
`https://github.com/aboelsoud3/Jumia-Spring`


## Development server
in an empty folder or directory , open terminal or CMD and enter the following commands in sequance :
1. `git clone --progress -v "https://github.com/aboelsoud3/Jumia-Angular.git"`
2. `cd Jumia-Angular`
3. `npm install`
3. Run `ng serve --open` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## run full-stack for first time:
optional you can run both back-end , front-end for first time by simply run:
`./run.sh` bash file.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
